Federated Tables: Quickstart guide and skeleton to continue (#15311)
CartoDB/cartodb: doc/developer-center/federated-tables-api/guides/02-general-concepts.md

## General Concepts

The following concepts are the same for every endpoint in the API except when it is noted explicitly.

### Auth

> Manipulating data on a CARTO account requires prior authentication using a unique identifier as a password. For the import API, a special identifier known as the API Key is used as a proof of authentication for each user account to authorize access to its data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manipulating data on a CARTO account requires prior authentication using a unique identifier as a password. For the federated tables API, a special identifier known as the API Key is used as a proof of authentication for each user account to authorize access to its data.
```
